Updated release procedure to no longer mention LTS (as per APE 21) (#14713)
astropy/astropy: docs/development/releasing.rst

coordinated or affiliated package, you can instead check
:ref:`these <simple-release-docs>` instructions which will be a lot simpler.

The core package has adopted the following release plan:

> * Major releases every two years. These are releases that can introduce breaking API changes, and should be numbered as x.0.0 (e.g., 6.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Major releases every year (or longer). These are releases that can introduce breaking API changes, and should be numbered as x.0.0 (e.g., 6.0.0).
```

See https://github.com/astropy/astropy-APEs/blob/ccdb92ea37220c67a5524791e7fb7626f54f49b3/APE2.rst?plain=1#L24  which was updated as part of APE 21

Post-Release procedures
-----------------------

> #. Update the "stable" branch to point to the new release::

Reviewer 2: Do we still need stable branch?

Author: No I think we can remove this if we set up the automatic updating of stable on RTD

Author: It sounds like this should work by default *but* I guess we will need to remove the stable branch in our repo and probably also wipe stable in RTD after we've done that and remove the explicitly specified stable version.

   side a more recent version), update the "stable" branch to point to the new
   release::
#. Update the "stable" branch to point to the new release::

      $ git checkout stable
      $ git reset --hard v<version>
      $ git push upstream stable --force

> #. If this is an LTS release (whether or not it is being supported alongside

Reviewer 2: Does this mean we delete the LTS branch from repo after APE 21 is accepted?

Author: No because we might break old links I think? We can just leave the branch frozen?

Reviewer 2: In my projects without a `stable` branch, the "stable" on RTD automagically picks up the latest release. 🤷 

Do you plan to delete the `stable` branch altogether?

Reviewer 3: Right, then we should delete the stable branch.
https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/versions.html

Reviewer 2: When should I do that? Now or when you cut v6.0 ?

Reviewer 2: Done. `stable` is gone.

#. ``conda-forge`` has a bot that automatically opens
   a PR from a new PyPI (stable) release, which you need to follow up on and

>    merge. When the ``conda-forge`` package is ready, email the Anaconda

Reviewer 2: Anything else will change on the conda side without LTS, @mwcraig ?
